= Klastfm

First of all: This is not an Amarok script in the common sense. Do not install this in Amarok! Read this file to get the idea!

This tool grabs your statistic from last.fm and merges it into your existing amarok database.

Since last.fm relies on MusicBrainz ( http://musicbrainz.org ) for tagging, in general it is a good idea to tag your media with MusicBrainz Picard ( http://musicbrainz.org/doc/MusicBrainz_Picard ) By tagging your music with Picard (or any other ID3 tagger using MusicBrainz) you will get the best results when using this script. All tracks not recognized by this script are skipped.

It will synchronize your playcount (how often you listened to a specific track) and the first and last played date of a track (with the accuracy of a few days).

Listed on kde-apps.org http://kde-apps.org/content/show.php?content=127016

Sourcecode available at github.com http://github.com/gauda/klastfm

When reporting errors, please include your last.fm username in the bugreport!

= Howto

Tested on Kubuntu precise with ruby 1.8.7 (2012-02-08 patchlevel 358) [x86_64-linux]

* BACKUP YOUR DATABASE! You have been warned! :)
* Copy config.yaml.example to config.yaml and edit it
* Grab a copy of lastexport.py and run it: http://bugs.foocorp.net/projects/librefm/wiki/LastToLibre
* Copy the exported_tracks.txt to the data folder
* ./klastfm

There is a gentoo howto, too. Take a look here:
* http://kde-apps.org/content/show.php?content=127016&forumpage=3#commentvoter414901 (Thanks to abelau)

= Dependencies:

* sudo apt-get install ruby ruby1.8-dev mysql-client libmysqlclient-dev libruby rubygems
* sudo gem install mysql progressbar activerecord logger --no-rdoc --no-ri

= Version

* 0.7 Klastfm is now based on LastToLibre, an external app to download your last.fm history, removed the option to rate the tracks
* 0.6 More bugs fixed, removed the option to disable set dates functionality
* 0.5 More bugs fixed
* 0.4 Refactoring and bug fixing
* 0.3 Added the possibility to set first and last played date for each track
* 0.2 Added some more installation help
* 0.1 Initial commit

= Credits

* Code by Johannes Leers http://www.gauda.de
* Thanks to Kevin Bocksrocker for the inspiration http://kde-apps.org/content/show.php/Last+Sync?content=65784
* Thanks to the guys from LastToLibre
